# Data-Modelling-Analysing-Coronavirus-COVID19-Spread-in-USA
Data is obtained from COVID-19 Tracking project and NY-Times. Sincere thanks to them for making it available to the public.  2019 Novel Corona-virus (2019-nCoV) is a virus (more specifically, a coronavirus) identified as the cause of an outbreak of respiratory illness first detected in Wuhan, China. Early on, many of the patients in the outbreak in Wuhan, China reportedly had some link to a large seafood and animal market, suggesting animal-to-person spread. However, a growing number of patients reportedly have not had exposure to animal markets, indicating person-to-person spread is occurring. At this time, it’s unclear how easily or sustainably this virus is spreading between people  Corona viruses are a large family of viruses which may cause illness in animals or humans. In humans, several corona viruses are known to cause respiratory infections ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). The most recently discovered corona virus causes corona virus disease COVID-19 - World Health Organization The dataset has daily level information on the number of affected cases, deaths and recovery from 2019 novel coronavirus. There is is a time series data and so the number of cases on any given day is the cumulative number.  The data is available from 22 Jan, 2020. The number of new cases are increasing day by day around the world. This dataset has information from 50 US states and the District of Columbia at daily level.Objective of this is to study COVID-19 outbreak with the help of some basic visualizations techniques. Perform predictions and Time Series forecasting in order to study the impact and spread of the COVID-19 in comming days.  BUILDING THE MODEL TO FORECAST THE UPCOMING TOTAL NO OF CONFIRMED CASES IN NEXT 10 DAYS. 
